Author : Mahatma Gandhi 
Book   : The Story Of My Experiments With The Truth
Description :: Mahatma Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi has always been a very prominent figure in Indian history. From his unbeatable spirit to inspiring courage, from various controversies to his life as the father of the nation, Gandhi has always been an interesting, inspiring and impressive personality to read about. If you want to know all about Gandhi and his journey, you cannot miss out on reading ‘My Experiments with the Truth’, his autobiography that covers his life from early childhood till 1921. The introduction mentions how Gandhi resumed writing at the insistence of a fellow prisoner at Yerwada Central jail. The autobiography was written as weekly journals and then compiled and published as a book. From his childhood memories, his experiments with eating meat, smoking, drinking and stealing to the demise of his father, the book captures many unknown instances of Gandhi's life.



Author  :R.K. Narayan 
Book    : The Guide
Description :: R.K Narayan is best known for stories based in and around the fictional village of Malgudi. The Guide is yet another story set up in Malgudi. R.K. Narayan won the Sahitya Akademi Award for the book in 1960. The Guide is the story of a tour guide who transforms himself into a spiritual Guru and then the greatest holy man of India. The book was also adapted as a film which starred the legendary actor Dev Anand.



Author : Rohinton Mistry 
Book   :  A Fine Balance
Description :: This is the second novel by Mistry published in 1995 and, like his first novel, Such A Long Journey, this novel too received wide acclaim across the globe. A fine balance revolves around various characters in Mumbai (then Bombay) during the time of turmoil and government emergencies. The story of friendship and love that progresses among the characters of the book will keep you hooked till the end.



Author : Salman Rushdie 
Book   : Midnight’s Children
 Description :: Salman Rushdie book Midnight’s Children portrays the journey of India from British rule to independence and then partition. The book received a great response, winning the Booker Prize in 1981 and the “Booker of Bookers” Prize (commemorating the best among all the Booker winners) twice – in 1993 and 2008! The book travels to various parts of the country including Kashmir, Agra and Mumbai and incorporates many actual historic events. The book was also included in the List of 100 Best Novels of all time.



Author : Jhumpa Lahiri 
Book   : The Interpreter Of Maladies
Description :: This is a collection of nine stories by Jhumpa Lahiri. The stories are based on lives of Indians and Indian Americans who are lost between the two cultures. The book was published in 1999 and won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the Hemingway Foundation/PEN Award in the year 2000 and has sold over 15 million copies worldwide.


Author : The Daughter's Tale
Book   : Armando Lucas Correa
Description :: Correa, an award-winning journalist, editor, and author, has written two books about families who face incredible circumstances during World War II. With the international bestseller The German Girl on his roster, Correa delivers again with the poignant and heart-wrenching The Daughter’s Tale. Correa’s journalism background lends itself to his novels beautifully; they are well researched, thoroughly investigated, and told with reverence and respect for the subject matter. If you’re a lover of authentic historical fiction, you should definitely pick up Correa’s books.



Author : Gorgeous Lies
Book   : Martha McPhee
Description :: New York Times bestselling author Martha McPhee’s poetic prose and incredibly aware domestic fiction always delivers. McPhee’s work is expertly crafted and incredibly enticing. Her most notable novel, Gorgeous Lies, is a colorful, quirky story of a dying therapist who tries to make sense of his life and his relationships with his family as his conditions worsen. McPhee’s ability to write about relationships also comes across in her upcoming novel, An Elegant Woman, which follows four generations of women as they fight for their freedom and work toward a better future.



Author : All the Missing Girls
Author : Megan Miranda
Description :: The bestselling author of All the Missing Girls, Megan Miranda writes thrillers that keep you wondering what will happen next—all the way up to the last-minute plot twist. Her latest book, The Last House Guest, is a chilling tale of two friends, Avery Greer and Sadie Loman, who might as well come from different worlds. The things that connect them are Littleport, Maine, and its wealthy summer residents and a dangerous secret that somehow involves the Loman family. The Last House Guest is thrilling and unpredictable, and perfect for fans of domestic thrillers looking for a contemporary angle. Miranda also writes YA fiction, so you’ll have plenty of material to read if you like crossover appeal or if you’re a diehard Megan Miranda fan.



Author : Himself
Author : Jess Kidd
Description :: The award-winning author of Himself, Jess Kidd is a spectacular writer with one foot in the mythical and the other planted firmly in reality. Kidd creates remarkable characters and real-life settings, and then makes them magical. Her upcoming novel, Things in Jars, is a mesmerizing gothic mystery that follows detective Bridie Devine as she investigates the kidnapping of a London society man’s secret daughter—a girl who is rumored to have supernatural powers. Kidd expertly uses her cast of characters to create and solve the mystery, and her books are ones you don’t want to miss.



Author : The Beautiful Bureaucrat
Author : Helen Phillips
Description ::Dynamic author Helen Phillips is incredibly skilled at weaving together wild fantasy with the mundanity of everyday life. Longlisted for the National Book Award, The Beautiful Bureaucrat tells the story of a woman named Josephine, whose job it is to enter numbers into a mysterious system called The Database. But when her husband disappears, and reappears with no explanation, things quickly turn become bizarre and terrifying. Phillips expertly balances the fear and terror of Josephine’s experience and the exhilarating twists and turns of a political thriller.